# Meeting Agenda

  Date:2015-04-28 

  Facilitator:Oscar Evertsson

  Participants:Oscar Evertsson,Mats HÃ¶gberg, Filip Hallqvist, Jesper Jaxing

## Objectives 
  * Make a one-way depandency between mail and tag 
  * Do we need to remove methodes that aren't used jet.
  * When should we write report 1.0
  * email recipients can be internetaddress or newsgroupaddress

## Reports 
  * Oscar and Filip have created a tag class to categorise email
  * Jesper and Mats have made it possible to receive emails.
  * The team have written the disposion for the report
  
## Discussion items
  * We will introduce a taghandeler class to solve comunications beetween email and tag.
  * We will remove method that we can't be sure if they will be used or not.
  * We have decided to use the tuesdays and thursdays to write raport and disscus how we want to work with our code.
  * We will not use newsgroupaddress.
  
## Outcomes and assignments 
  * This wednesday Mats, Oscar and Filip will be writing on the sdd.
  * Filip will contiune on the GUI.
  * Oscar will create taghandeler. 
  * Mats will research and possibly develop an event-bus.
  
## Wrap up
  * Analyze the structure and depandencies.
  
## Next meeting
  thursday 30/04
