# Meeting Agenda

Date: 2015-05-19

Facilitator: Oscar Evertsson

Participants: Mats HÃ¶gberg, Oscar Evertsson, Jesper Jaxing, Filip Hallqvist
  
## Objectives

* Should we have fonts?
* How to implements contacts?

## Reports

* Mats has been updating the domain model and looking into the RAD, added lots of issus in the issue tracker.
* Oscar has made a mainhandler so that handels the other handlers
* Filip has made account manager, writen tests and done a new gui.

## Discussion items

* Contacts
* Package structer

## Outcomes and assignments

* Jesper and Oscar will create the contact logic
* Refactor then package strucker then test

### Unsolved issues
* Events
* Circulare depentency
* Encyrpt password

### Next meeting

2015-05-26 12.00-13.00
