# Meeting Agenda

Date: 2015-04-21

Facilitator: Oscar Evertsson 

Participants: Oscar Evertsson, Jesper Jaxing, Filip Hallqvist, Mats Högberg.

## Objectives

* Ask our mentor about Joachim's thoughts regarding removing MailServer from the domain Model.
* Is inbox/outbox necessary?
* Decide next use case to implement.

## Reports from previous meeting

* We've extended the functional requirements and dug deeper into the functional requirements.
* All alternative flows have been rewritten. (Jesper Jaxing, Oscar Evertsson)
* Review and updated the sequence-diagram. (Mats Högberg)
* Review the domain model. (Everybody)
* Figured out who's gooing to do what and started coding.
* A simple GUI have been created. (Filip Hallqvist) 
* Implemented the send email use case. 

## Discussion items

* Decide next use case to work with.
* MVC folder structure.
* Inbox/outbox necessary?
* Who's taking contact with our mentor?
* Check whether our sequence diagrams matches our implementation.

## Outcomes and assignments 

* Next use case will be read email since it's one of the main functional requirements for our program.
* No MVC folder structure have been picked due to insufficient knowledge of javaFX. Filip Hallqvist have taken responsibility to dig deeper into this matter. 
* Inbox/Outbox is not necessary since we can resolve this issue using only tags. 
* Oscar Evertsson is taking responsibility to contact our mentor about this issue.
* Mats Högberg will analyse the diagrams and the implementation until next meeting.
* Start working on the UML/sequence diagram for read email. (Everybody)
* Everybody should read up on recieving email. (JavaMail API)

## Wrap up

### Unresolved issues

MVC folder structure

### Next meeting

2015-04-23, 09.00-10.00
