# Meeting Agenda
Date: 2015-05-05

Facilitator: Oscar Evertsson

Participants: Mats Högberg, Oscar Evertsson, Filip Hallqvist, Jesper Jaxing
  
## Objectives

* Jesper explains to the rest of the team how CallBack works in the asynchronous jobs.
* Filip explains to the rest of the team how to use the JavaFX Scene Builder.

## Reports

* Mats, Jesper and Oscar started making the program serializable. Mats finalized the Account storage, and Jesper finalized the Tag storage.
* Filip made it so that emails now are lazy fetched.
* Mats complemented the existing tests.
* Mats and Jesper fixed asynchronous fetching.
* Oscar continued with the GUI work.

## Discussion items

* How should we sync the fetch and JavaFX threads?
* How should we make the fetching faster?
* How should we design the new email/reply to email/forward email portion of the code to avoid duplicate code?
* Should we redesign the event system?

## Outcomes and assignments

* Filip has a solution for syncing the threads. Is is already implemented in the program.
* Filip used a FetchProfile to fetch only the metadata from email. This made the program much faster. We now have to implement a new background thread for fetching the content of the emails. Filip and Jesper will do this.
* To solve the new email/reply to email/forward email problem we will put all the buttons in the top bar. Mats and Oscar will implement this and the other GUI stuff.
* We will not change the event system now. If we run into problems with the existing system we will look at developing a new one.

### Unsolved issues

No unsolved issues for now.

### Next meeting

2015-05-14 09.00-10.00
